[AUDIO LOGO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Giza, of all the mysteries
along the Western banks
of the Nile, there is little
doubt that this plateau contains
the biggest unsolved mystery in
the entire Memphite Necropolis.
The grandiosity and precision
of the Great Pyramid
provides a glimpse into
a pre-diluvian world,
where sophisticated architecture
and engineering defied
the laws of physics and set
a benchmark for technology
that our modern world
has yet to achieve.
Debates around the exact
date of construction
for this megalithic wonder have
been igniting for thousands
of years, but new
scanning technology
has inspired
alternative researchers
to look deeper into the chambers
of this astounding structure,
to piece together a
multi-dimensional understanding
of the power and purpose of the
greatest pyramid on the planet.
>> Today, we have
scientists, mathematicians,
engineers looking at the
pyramid complex of Giza,
looking at other
assorted pyramids.
Some view them as power
plants that somehow
the ancient Egyptians were
harvesting this power for we're
not sure what devices.
We know they weren't
using iPhones and razors.
So what would the Giza
power plant have been for?
And this is where we come
back to their words themselves
that they said the Great Pyramid
was an instrument of ascension.
They called it maier.
It was an energetic apparatus
for transfiguring humans
into plasma beings so that they
could then travel the stars.
>> When you go to Egypt,
especially around the Giza
Plateau, there's a stream of
wisdom that goes back through
time, and it's still
very palpable there.
One idea that is often
thought of or presented
within the construction of the
various temples, this network
of temples and pyramids
and so forth within Egypt,
as the initiate would travel
from one temple to another
and spend a certain amount of
time within that environment.
They would be entrained into
the energy of that environment,
and that entrainment would
help unlock certain frequencies
within them that would then
start an alchemical process,
slowly working one's way up,
up the chain, up the spine,
up the chakra system.
So it was a long process, but
that's how it should be done.
Through enough time
and preparation,
they would become ready.
They would be prepared for
their final initiatory processes
at the higher levels.
>> Now all the pyramids around
Giza and all the area north
and south of it are fascinating
for several reasons, one,
because you've got buildings
which are so completely over
the top, you wonder why.
Were they trying to be beacons
because they were needed
to be located after, let's say,
a flood overwhelms the region
and the survivors
come back, and they
have to locate something
like in a storeroom?
But then again, you look at the
type and the choice of stone
that they use.
So you've got a lot
of granite, and you
have a lot of limestone,
two types of limestone.
And you figured, well,
these things have two
different energetic qualities.
One's a very positive,
electric charge.
The other one's a very
negative electric charge.
And together, they form
this kind of battery.
Now, why would that be necessary
in buildings that would
have been used as storerooms?
So that's the first
question we go and ask.
Why energy?
If the buildings were
used as energy devices,
we have some science
to back this up.
Because when you actually
look at the energy
outside of these pyramids and
you measure the local background
and you measure the energy
frequency inside the buildings,
something's changed.
The energy inside the
buildings is very different.
In fact, the
frequency seems to be
one that drives you or
at least your brainwaves
to go from a state of
thinking to one of feeling.
It puts you into
a receptive state.
So it seems to me that there
are multiple levels of function
for these buildings.
>> The pyramid texts are
texts that were discovered
at the pyramid of Unas.
A small pyramid right next to
the step pyramid at Saqqara.
And they tell the story of why
the human body was augmented.
It was so that the pharaoh could
ascend the stairway to heaven.
And they have utterances
in the pyramid texts
that say the pharaoh
became like lightning.
Lightning is plasma.
That's the sun.
This is why they're called
the sons of the sun.
They're entering into
this plasma state
where then they could
travel, perhaps,
through the sun to
other star systems.
And this is the fundamental
basis for everything
that we see on the Giza Plateau,
on the West Bank of the Nile,
around Cairo, in
the pyramid fields.
All of the answers for what
those structures are answered
in the pyramid texts, and
they make it abundantly clear
that conduits and temples
of transformation, they
all tell the same story that
humans can become like the gods.
We can join the gods
in the star fields.
>> As the debate continues
around the power and purpose
of the pyramids throughout
the Memphite Necropolis.
The evidence is mounting that
the architects and masons
of these sacred monuments
encrypted knowledge
within them designed to
stand the test of time.
A deeper look into the
chambers of the Great Pyramid
reveals sonic secrets
of transformation.
>> So we go back to the Orion
connection with the Giza
Plateau, and we
focus, specifically,
on the King's Chamber now.
Look at the position of
the King's Chamber relative
to the pyramid.
It's exactly 1/3 to
2/3 in the position.
That's a very dynamic
position, which
physicists to be a kind of
tension point in energy.
So let's say if NASA Is trying
to send a probe out into deep
space way beyond
the solar system,
it knows that there's a fulcrum
2/3 along the solar system where
something happens, where there's
this gravitational anomaly that
shoots the probe way
past the solar system,
and it just keeps on going.
So the Egyptians were aware
of this kind of tension
in terms of energy.
And that's why the one
chamber where everybody
has incredible
experiences is to do
with the positioning
geometrically
of the chamber within that era.
>> I believe the Great Pyramid
is a spiritual ascension
stargate.
The stargate can be found
inside the King's Chamber.
This is an initiatory path
that, after walking up
the grand gallery,
letting go and shedding
all of the emotional trauma that
we've taken into our lifetimes
to be ready for this path
as we enter into the King's
Chamber, on bended
knee, in a sanctuary
that is sacred, a place
of sound frequency.
Its composition is over
70% quartz crystal,
the resonance of which is so
powerful we do not yet fully
understand.
While we use quartz crystal for
many things like in computer
chips, we do not yet fully
understand the relationship
that occurs when sound travels
faster than the speed of sound
through ambient air.
The speed of sound through
ambient air is 343,
and yet through granite it jumps
up to 6,000 meters per second.
>> The chambers themselves are
constructed in a way where they
become resonant cavities.
And then you have
the sarcophagus,
which contains the Rose
granite, and there's
a lot of quartz within the
construct of the whole pyramid
itself.
And so with this combination
of harnessing sound technology
by creating resonant chambers,
the acoustics within it
is incredible.
And then you have the Rose
granite and the quartz,
which then is harnessing
the Earth's energies
and amplifying our
energy as well.
Our own biofield gets
amplified within that space.
So the combination of
all of it will very much
create an altered state.
It can stimulate
the pineal gland.
the hypothalamus.
It can stimulate all
the different parts
of the endocrine system, the
chakras, the energy field.
Like, all of these
things, get stimulated
and establish a very harmonic
state within our being.
Because of the harmonic
frequencies and sacred geometry
and everything that goes
into the construction
of these chambers, that
it is a technology,
an ancient technology for
creating altered states
of consciousness.
>> In 2019, I was lucky enough
to be involved with a study
of the Great Pyramid
with recording equipment.
We found that in
each of the chambers
there was a lot of low
frequency activity,
and this low frequency
activity went right
the way down into the infrasound
range that's below 20 hertz.
This has an effect upon
both the body and the mind,
bringing about a sense
of otherworldliness.
Inside the King's
chamber, you have
frequencies that were perfectly
aligned with the human voice.
In other words, if you were able
to talk, to chant, to intone,
the walls would quite literally
vibrate to your presence.
And this was reflected
also in the sarcophagus,
that if you went inside
this, and you intoned
that the resonance
frequencies of the sarcophagus
would resonate with
your voice, or let's
say, somebody that was intoning
above you at that point.
And this has a way of
affecting human consciousness.
You have this sense
that the sound is
being carried on
forever and that there
are no longer any walls.
And this is a very typical
effect of very low frequency
or infrasound activity, that
it affects you in such a way
that it's almost like
a portal opens up
between this world and the next.
>> As we look more
deeply at this structure,
we cannot help but ask
ourselves the question,
what would be necessary in order
to access this stargate if it,
in fact, is a stargate.
Do we have any evidence that
the sarcophagus was actually
in the center of the room?
We know that historically it's
been moved on several occasions.
We know that the current
location is not the location
that it was.
We were able to find the
chip marks in the floor
where the granite
floor was chipped
to lift underneath
the sarcophagus
and move it to where
its current location is.
When we place the constellation
of Orion over the King's
chamber, it shows us exactly
that the sarcophagus, precisely
at the center of the room, would
frame the three belt stars.
The number of times the
sarcophagus fits in the King's
Chamber is six times
to the ceiling,
and five times wall to
wall, from the north wall
to the southern wall.
And for a total of
137 times, we see
the volume matching perfectly,
the fine structure constant,
the veritable
separation of light
from darkness in what is
known as the electron coupling
constant in physics.
>> The evidence is mounting that
the Great Pyramid was built like
a supremely advanced
technological machine.
But the question remains was it
built for spiritual initiation,
free energy, or both.
>> There are places where
science, spirituality,
ancient history, and mystery
come together in a really
beautiful way.
I think one of the most profound
of those places, the King's
Chamber, the Great
Pyramid of Giza.
But if we look at the
chamber as an isolated
room with no context,
it's very difficult
to get a handle on the mystery.
Scientists have
asked the question,
is the sarcophagus in
its original position,
or was it located more in
the center of the chamber
at an earlier period in time.
And when you look
at the north wall
at the foot of the
sarcophagus, what
you see if you look
closely, is that there
is a block in that wall that
is a non-load bearing block.
What that means is if you were
to remove that block, in no way
would it impact the
ability of the blocks
above to remain
in place, creating
an opening that is precisely the
size of the sarcophagus itself.
If this were the
case, this would
be the place where
that sarcophagus would
move into the King's
Chamber and out
of the King's Chamber
at very specific times,
for very specific reasons.
The question is why.
Why would the sarcophagus
be at that place?
Why would they want
to move it in and out?
>> In dowsing in terms you have
what's called remnants dowsing
and that could take a stone
away from Stonehenge or Avebury
or wherever, and you can
dowse its original placement.
And the dowsing rod would
detect exactly where
something has previously
stood and has been moved.
And I use that
geomantic technique
to check for the location
of the sarcophagus
within the King's Chamber, and
it's not in the right place.
This is an ascension
machine, a place
to transform the physical
body into something etheric,
something metaphysical.
And quite clearly,
this is there for us
to use as well for
initiation purposes
to quite literally allow
our minds to be expanded
and to connect with that which
exists outside of the norm.
And the reason for this would
be not only the attainment
of otherworldly
knowledge and wisdom
but also some kind
of open connection
with what I call the
entanglement of all,
the idea that all particles
can not only be connected
but that can possibly even
be in two places at once.
Whether they are here and in
the other side of the universe,
it doesn't matter.
There is no limit on distance.
And because it's
on a quantum level,
it's outside of
normal space time.
And that's exactly
what you can use
that sarcophagus inside
the King's Chamber
for, even to this day.
From DaVinci and Napoleon
to Tesla and Newton,
the lives that have been
changed after entering
this legendary pyramid
leave little doubt
around the monument's
transformative power.
But what about free energy?
Was one of the most
famous biblical
relics a key to this machine?
What we know from
the historic texts
is that the inner dimensions of
the sarcophagus in the King's
Chamber are precisely the
dimensions of the biblical Ark
of the Covenant.
The Ark of the Covenant
is very well-documented
in historic and religious texts,
and scientists pretty much
agree that if we were to build
an Ark of the Covenant today
based upon the instructions,
based upon the materials,
based upon the
dimensions that were
left to us in the biblical
text, for example,
in the Book of
Exodus, that that Ark
would function as a capacitor.
A capacitor,
typically, it is made
of two plates of
conductive material
with a nonconductor
in the middle.
The biblical Ark of the
Covenant, the plates
were gold, highly conductive,
and the wood in between
was acacia wood,
very specifically
noted in the biblical texts.
So this device of the
Ark of the Covenant
functioned as a capacitor.
It could have functioned
for other things as well.
That capacitor fit
precisely inside
of the sarcophagus in
the King's Chamber.
That capacitor is a switch
that can begin and end
a sequence of events.
When that switch is outside
of the chamber, as would
be possible moving the
sarcophagus through the block
the door on the north side,
that chamber is stable.
When the King's Chamber is
enacted, when it is enabled,
and when the sarcophagus
with the Ark of the Covenant
is placed inside of the chamber,
the capacitor begins to charge.
And the way a
capacitor works is it
will accumulate energy
until it reaches
the voltage it was
designed to accommodate,
and then it will release that
energy and begin charging again
and release that energy
and begin charging again.
And in this way,
it is a perpetual--
a self-perpetuating device.
Where's the energy coming from
that is charging that capacitor?
Well, this is where it
gets even more interesting.
It is a high quartz granite.
84.6% of that granite
is made of quartz.
And it's not just
any kind of quartz,
it is a piezoelectric quartz.
And what this means is that
when pressure was applied
to that quartz, it emits
an electrical charge
as one granite, is low level
radiation, both uranium
and thorium.
And these are important elements
in the kind of reaction that
we're talking about because
the radiation actually creates
a greater resistance
-it's called impedance-
that stabilizes the system as it
is charging and releasing energy
so that the system cannot
get out of control.
The pyramid itself,
the sheer mass
of the pyramid sitting
on the Giza Plateau
also creates what scientists
call the mass battery effect.
It is the sheer volume of the
Earth, the mass of the Earth,
and the potential,
the negative potential
of the ground, the positive
potential in the atmosphere that
are also creating an
electrical charge.
So now we're looking
at a massive device
that is being charged and
that charge is then being
released, charged and released.
And we ask, what
would be the purpose.
Why would something
like this be built?
Well, this is where
the hieroglyphic texts
become really interesting
because those texts describe
a process.
From an engineering perspective
we would call this a portal.
When the energy
from that capacitor
reaches what is called
sympathetic vibratory
frequency with a pre-existing
domain, another dimension,
in theory, that
would open a portal.
It would open a conduit
between that room
and that domain
or that dimension.
And in this way, the King's
Chamber and the sarcophagus
and the Ark and the
pyramid work together
to create this portal, this
doorway to other worlds,
to other dimensions.
This is for the device itself.
What if the Ark of the Covenant
is not in that sarcophagus?
What if a human body
is in that sarcophagus?
And one of the little known
facts about the Great Pyramid is
when researchers began going in
late in the 1800s, early 1900s,
in that sarcophagus, they
found a kind of dust.
In the sarcophagus, they
didn't know what it was,
but they collected it, and
they collected it and held it
until the mid-20th century,
when our technology,
our spectroscopy, and
our chemical analysis
could determine what
this dust was made of.
And no one expected the answer
because it was a form of calcium
that we find in the pineal
gland of the human brain.
In other words, what
was left in this
sarcophagus was the calcium
of human pineal glands.
Where was the body that these
glands were attached to?
This is where the
mystical traditions
of the past and the
technology of present day
come together in, perhaps,
an unexpected way.
Just the way that the
Ark of the Covenant
provided capacitance
to start this system
as a device, the human
body, the 50 trillion cells
of the human body
are now documented
to have properties,
electrical properties.
Every cell is a transistor.
Every cell is a resistor.
Every cell is a capacitor.
Each cell generates about 0.07
volts of electrical potential.
And do the math 50 trillion
cells approximately
times 0.07 volts, and we're
talking about 3.5 trillion volts
of electrical potential
inside of the human body.
In the presence of
the piezo field,
in the presence
of the radiation,
a portal is also created.
The portal is
through the pineal,
and the body actually
moves through the portal
of the pineal.
And all that's left is
the portal of the pineal.
>> When the pharaoh
or when the initiate,
the devotee was put
in that sarcophagus,
I think there was a
sympathetic resonance.
When a particular
point in space time
resonates at a
particular frequency,
it causes it to connect with a
different point of space time,
which has that same resonance.
That's what allows
the psychic body
of the pharaoh or the
initiate to literally travel
from this point to that
point across space time.
The only thing I would
assume is that there
is a similar type of structure
set up on a planet in the Orion
Nebula, so when
this is resonating,
it resonates with that.
And so it just brings the
person's consciousness
from this state to that state.
>> The three pyramids at Giza
in their geographical graphical
positions reflect the
astronomical positions
of the three belt
stars of Orion.
You see the Great Pyramid
as one of those stars,
and that star is Alnitak.
And one of the confirmations
of the connection
between the Great
Pyramid and Alnitak
is that in the
King's Chamber you
have an air shaft
that is directed
at this particular
star, Alnitak,
as it reaches its
so-called culmination,
in other words, the highest
point that it reaches in the sky
before it starts
going down again.
So this is confirmation
that there's
a relationship with
the portal that we
would identify with Orion.
>> One of the fascinating
things about considering
the King's Chamber, the
Great Pyramid of Giza,
as a device with the ability to
open a portal into other realms,
when the environment inside
of the King's Chamber reached
a sympathetic
vibratory frequency,
that resonance would
create, in theory,
the portal that would
connect those two realms.
The fact that the King's Chamber
has only two shafts, one shaft
pointed directly
at Orion suggests
that at least Orion was a
focus for that kind of portal.
In theory, it could be used as
a portal for other locations
if the users, if the initiates
knew the sympathetic vibratory
resonance of those
domains as well.
>> Did the ancient builders
attempt to tell us something
that would last beyond
time immemorial?
Each of the Zodiac
signs have been
found on the walls of
the King's Chamber,
pointing us to the
processional clock of time.
And what we're now
finding is that we
are able to match where
we are in this clock
relational to the petroglyphs
upon the walls within the King's
Chamber.
As we look at all of this, we
start to realize another story
is starting to emerge, the story
of Orion passing through this
entire 24,000 cycle of time.
This is why Orion
is so prominent
all around the world, telling us
the story of the human journey
through the Duat, through
the experience of having
to experience a plane of duality
so that we can transcend it.
This is a moment in time
when Orion remembers
his own power, his own divinity,
as he is standing straight
up in the room.
In fact, we can notice
this reference even
in The Last Supper painting
by Leonardo DaVinci,
that the room is
actually matching
the King's Chamber itself.
The same inscriptions on
the walls, the petroglyphs
can be found inside the painting
of The Last Supper itself.
Leonardo left us an incredible
inscription through time,
each of the apostles
representing the Zodiac
and Jesus and the
missing 1/14 of Orion.
I believe this is
the story that's
being told in the Great Pyramid,
that there was obviously
energy that is coming off of
that as a secondary purpose.
Because ultimately, the
purpose of the King's Chamber
is a stargate.
Each of the blocks
are irregularly sized,
and I believe that
each of those blocks
represents a
different coordinate
within space time that can be
accessed when the sarcophagus is
placed in its original position
at the center of the room,
exactly over and framing the
three belt stars of Orion.
>> We may have the physical
evidence and have had
for hundreds of years of
a device that helps us
to understand on a deeper level,
our relationship to higher
realms, our relationship to
other worlds, other dimensions,
and our relationship to our body
as a potential portal that opens
the door to precisely these
kinds of understandings.
The Great Pyramid, the King's
Chamber, the sarcophagus,
and the evidence that was
left behind is a mystery.
Only by understanding a deeper
relationship between geometry,
chemistry, geology
and the cosmos
that we are going
to understand what
happened on Giza so long ago.
And the only way we
can understand that
is to understand ourselves and
our relationship to the cosmos
and the world around us.
[MUSIC PLAYING]